


JRView v1.00
Copyright (c) 2004 Nir Sofer
Web Site: http://www.nirsoft.net



Description
===========

JRView is a small utility that displays the list of all Java Runtime
Environments and Java Development Kits installed on your system, and
allows you to run a Java application (.class or .jar file) on the desired
Java environment.



License
=======

This utility is released as freeware. You are allowed to freely
distribute this utility via floppy disk, CD-ROM, Internet, or in any
other way, as long as you don't charge anything for this. If you
distribute this utility, you must include all files in the distribution
package, without any modification !



Disclaimer
==========

The software is provided "AS IS" without any warranty, either expressed
or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The author will not
be liable for any special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages
due to loss of data or any other reason.



Using JRView
============

JRView doesn't require any installation process or additional DLLs. In
order to start using it, just run the executable file - jrview.exe
The main window of JRView displays the list of all Java Runtime
Environments and Java Development Kits that are currently installed on
your system.
In order to run Java application, select the desired Java environment,
and then drag the java application file (.class or .jar) from Explorer
window into JRView. You can also use the 'Run Java Application' option
from the File menu. If you fails to run the Java application, you can try
to use the "Advanced Run" option, and specify the right class name.



Feedback
========

If you have any problem, suggestion, comment, or you found a bug in my
utility, you can send a message to nirsofer@yahoo.com
